---
id: 685699e764bba10bcf0cd5f4
title: Zoezi la 69
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-69
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Hii ni ukaguzi wa mazungumzo yote uliyosoma sasa hivi.

# --instructions--

Andika maneno au misemo ifuatayo mahali sahihi:

`Dealing with`, `demotivated`, `frustrating`, `support`, `for no reason`, `instead of`, na `annoys`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Alice: Hi Tom, you look a bit down these days. Is everything okay?`

`Tom: Hey Alice, yeah, I feel a bit BLANK. One thing that really gets to me is working long hours without any breaks. It's exhausting, and it feels like I'm constantly running without knowing where I'm going.`

`Alice: I totally get that, Tom. Working overtime all the time can be draining. Personally, I hate dealing with office politics. It's frustrating when people are constantly trying to beat each other BLANK working together as a team.`

`Tom: You're right, Alice. BLANK office politics is never fun. Another thing that gets to me is having too many meetings. Sometimes, it feels like we're meeting BLANK, and it's hard to find time to actually work on projects.`

`Alice: I hear you, Tom. Sitting in meetings for hours can be discouraging. For me, what really BLANK me is having to do a bunch of repetitive tasks without any variation. It feels like I'm wasting my skills and creativity.`

`Tom: That does sound BLANK, Alice. Repeating the same tasks over and over can be demotivating. Thanks for listening, by the way. It feels good to talk about these things.`

`Alice: Of course, Tom. We all have our moments of demotivation, and it's good to share and BLANK each other.`

## --blanks--

`demotivated`

### --feedback--

Hii inamaanisha hisia ya kutaka kuacha kufanya jambo fulani.

---

`instead of`

### --feedback--

Usemi huu unamaanisha kuchagua jambo moja na si jingine.

---

`Dealing with`

### --feedback--

Hii inamaanisha kufanya jambo fulani kurekebisha au kudhibiti hali.

---

`for no reason`

### --feedback--

Hii inamaanisha jambo linatokea bila sababu wazi au inayojulikana.

---

`annoys`

### --feedback--

Kitenzi hiki kinamaanisha kumfanya mtu kidogo kuwa na hasira au kuchoshwa.

---

`frustrating`

### --feedback--

Hii inaelezea jambo linalokufanya uhisi huzuni kwa sababu halifanyi kama ulivyotaka.

---

`support`

### --feedback--

Kama kitenzi, inamaanisha kusaidia au kuonyesha kuwa unakubaliana na mtu au jambo fulani.
