---
id: 685812ee41968e1cc73de62b
title: Attività 155
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-155
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Leggi il testo e rispondi alla domanda qui sotto.

# --questions--

## --text--

After getting help from Sarah, James decided to write a memo so others could find equipment more easily.

`Hello team,`

`To make it easier for everyone setting up or upgrading their workstations, here's an updated overview of where you can find commonly used items:`

`- Monitors`

`Monitors have been moved. You'll find them along the corridor, just past the break area. Look to your left, near the coffee machine.`

`- Keyboards`

`After last week's shipment, all keyboards are now kept in a labeled storage room. It's located near the main entrance — take a right just before reaching it. It's the second door on your left, across from the mail room.`

`- Ethernet Cables & Accessories`

`These are stored in a smaller closet a bit out of the way. Head towards the server room, but turn right just before the door. The closet is on your right. It's a bit of a trek, but worth it if you need cables or extra accessories.`

`Please keep these areas organized for others. If you move any equipment, let IT know!`

`Best,`

`James`

Dove dovrebbe andare il personale per trovare le nuove tastiere?

## --answers--

Next to the break area.

### --feedback--

È lì che si trovano i monitor, non le tastiere.

---

To the storage room near the main entrance.

---

Behind the mail room.

### --feedback--

Il posto è di fronte alla sala posta, non dietro.

---

Beside the coffee machine.

### --feedback--

La macchina del caffè è accanto ai monitor, non alle tastiere.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

James dice che le tastiere sono in una stanza di deposito vicino all'ingresso principale, di fronte alla sala posta.

Concentrati sulla sezione per `Keyboards`.
