---
id: 685e5b186e34570dd3d2ff19
title: Attività 58
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-58
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Questa è una revisione dell'intero dialogo che hai appena studiato.

# --instructions--

Scrivi le seguenti parole o frasi nel posto corretto:

`from HR`, `runs smoothly`, `committed`, `willing to help`, `interviews`, e `easygoing`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: Hey, have you ever worked with Anna BLANK?`

`Alice: I've seen her a couple of times. Why do you ask?`

`Tom: Well, I noticed that she's always in her office super early and leaves pretty late. Do you know why?`

`Alice: Yeah, she's very BLANK. She seems to take her work very seriously.`

`Tom: I don't really know much about her, to be honest. What's her role?`

`Alice: Anna is the head of HR, and she has to make sure our company BLANK when it comes to HR. She doesn't have to interview for hiring people, though. The rest of the HR team does the BLANK. She's been with us for about eight years now.`

`Tom: Wow, that's a long time! Is she a strict person?`

`Alice: She's very BLANK, actually. She's serious when it comes to work but also has a good sense of humor. She's fair and supportive, always BLANK and answer questions.`

`Tom: She sounds like a great person. I should have a chat with her sometime.`

## --blanks--

`from HR`

### --feedback--

Una persona che fa parte del team `Human Resources`.

---

`committed`

### --feedback--

Leale e serio nel fare bene qualcosa.

---

`runs smoothly`

### --feedback--

Succede senza problemi o ritardi.

---

`interviews`

### --feedback--

Incontri in cui qualcuno viene interrogato, di solito per un lavoro.

---

`easygoing`

### --feedback--

Rilassato e che non si agita facilmente.

---

`willing to help`

### --feedback--

Felice di offrire supporto o fare qualcosa per qualcuno.
