---
id: 685e60aec4c643115ef37313
title: Attività 111
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-111
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Questa è una revisione dell'intero dialogo che hai appena studiato.

# --instructions--

Scrivi le seguenti parole o frasi nel posto corretto:

`regularly`, `work-life balance`, `expensive solutions`, `beyond work`, `right balance` e `relax`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Brian: Sophie, how do you manage your BLANK and your responsibilities outside of the office?`

`Sophie: It's not always easy, but I've found ways to make it work.`

`Brian: Tell me about your responsibilities BLANK.`

`Sophie: Well, I have to make time for my family – that's really important to me. I also don't want to neglect my health, so two months ago I started jogging BLANK. It helps me BLANK and stay fit.`

`Brian: It sounds like you're doing great dealing with work and life responsibilities at the same time.`

`Sophie: Thank you. It's all about finding the BLANK for you and your well-being. And you don't have to search for BLANK for that. Sometimes, it's the simple and free things that bring us the result we're looking for.`

## --blanks--

`work-life balance`

### --feedback--

Avere abbastanza tempo sia per il lavoro sia per la vita personale.

---

`beyond work`

### --feedback--

Cose che non sono collegate al tuo lavoro.

---

`regularly`

### --feedback--

Che succedono spesso o secondo un programma stabilito.

---

`relax`

### --feedback--

Riposare e sentirsi calmi.

---

`right balance`

### --feedback--

Un buon equilibrio tra cose diverse, come lavoro e tempo libero.

---

`expensive solutions`

### --feedback--

Riparazioni o opzioni che costano molti soldi.
