---
id: 685e5b186e34570dd3d2ff19
title: Tarefa 58
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-58
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta é uma revisão de todo o diálogo que você acabou de estudar.

# --instructions--

Escreva as seguintes palavras ou frases no local correto:

`from HR`, `runs smoothly`, `committed`, `willing to help`, `interviews` e `easygoing`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: Hey, have you ever worked with Anna BLANK?`

`Alice: I've seen her a couple of times. Why do you ask?`

`Tom: Well, I noticed that she's always in her office super early and leaves pretty late. Do you know why?`

`Alice: Yeah, she's very BLANK. She seems to take her work very seriously.`

`Tom: I don't really know much about her, to be honest. What's her role?`

`Alice: Anna is the head of HR, and she has to make sure our company BLANK when it comes to HR. She doesn't have to interview for hiring people, though. The rest of the HR team does the BLANK. She's been with us for about eight years now.`

`Tom: Wow, that's a long time! Is she a strict person?`

`Alice: She's very BLANK, actually. She's serious when it comes to work but also has a good sense of humor. She's fair and supportive, always BLANK and answer questions.`

`Tom: She sounds like a great person. I should have a chat with her sometime.`

## --blanks--

`from HR`

### --feedback--

Uma pessoa que vem da equipe de `Human Resources`.

---

`committed`

### --feedback--

Leal e sério em fazer algo bem feito.

---

`runs smoothly`

### --feedback--

Acontece sem problemas ou atrasos.

---

`interviews`

### --feedback--

Reuniões onde alguém é questionado, geralmente para um emprego.

---

`easygoing`

### --feedback--

Relaxado e não facilmente irritável.

---

`willing to help`

### --feedback--

Feliz em dar suporte ou fazer algo para alguém.
