---
id: 685e5b186e34570dd3d2ff19
title: Aufgabe 58
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-58
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Dies ist eine Überprüfung des gesamten Dialogs, den Sie gerade studiert haben.

# --instructions--

Schreiben Sie die folgenden Wörter oder Ausdrücke an die richtige Stelle:

`from HR`, `runs smoothly`, `committed`, `willing to help`, `interviews` und `easygoing`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: Hey, have you ever worked with Anna BLANK?`

`Alice: I've seen her a couple of times. Why do you ask?`

`Tom: Well, I noticed that she's always in her office super early and leaves pretty late. Do you know why?`

`Alice: Yeah, she's very BLANK. She seems to take her work very seriously.`

`Tom: I don't really know much about her, to be honest. What's her role?`

`Alice: Anna is the head of HR, and she has to make sure our company BLANK when it comes to HR. She doesn't have to interview for hiring people, though. The rest of the HR team does the BLANK. She's been with us for about eight years now.`

`Tom: Wow, that's a long time! Is she a strict person?`

`Alice: She's very BLANK, actually. She's serious when it comes to work but also has a good sense of humor. She's fair and supportive, always BLANK and answer questions.`

`Tom: She sounds like a great person. I should have a chat with her sometime.`

## --blanks--

`from HR`

### --feedback--

Eine Person, die vom `Human Resources`-Team kommt.

---

`committed`

### --feedback--

Loyal und ernsthaft dabei, etwas gut zu machen.

---

`runs smoothly`

### --feedback--

Passiert ohne Probleme oder Verzögerungen.

---

`interviews`

### --feedback--

Meetings, bei denen jemand Fragen gestellt bekommt, normalerweise für einen Job.

---

`easygoing`

### --feedback--

Entspannt und nicht leicht verärgert.

---

`willing to help`

### --feedback--

Gern bereit, Unterstützung zu geben oder etwas für jemanden zu tun.
