---
id: 587d7fb0367417b2b2512bed
title: Meet the Node console
challengeType: 2
forumTopicId: 301515
dashedName: meet-the-node-console
---

# --description--

Working on these challenges will involve you writing your code using one of the following methods:

- Clone <a href="https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-express/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">this GitHub repo</a> and complete these challenges locally.
- 使用<a href="https://gitpod.io/?autostart=true#https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-express/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">我们的 Gitpod 初始项目</a>来完成这些挑战。
- Use a site builder of your choice to complete the project. Be sure to incorporate all the files from our GitHub repo.

During the development process, it is important to be able to check what’s going on in your code.

Node is just a JavaScript environment. Like client side JavaScript, you can use the console to display useful debug information. On your local machine, you would see console output in a terminal. 在 Gitpod，默认情况下在编辑器底部打开了终端。

It is recommended to keep the terminal open while working at these challenges. By reading the output in the terminal, you can see any errors that may occur.

更改文件后必须重新启动服务器。

你可以使用 `Ctrl + C` 从终端停止服务器，然后直接使用 Node（`node mainEntryFile.js`）或使用 `package.json` 文件中的运行脚本 `npm run` 启动服务器。

例如，可以使用 `npm run start` 在终端运行 `"start": "node server.js"` 脚本。

To implement server auto restarting on file save Node provides the `--watch` flag you can add to your start script `"start": "node --watch server.js"` or you can install a npm package like `nodemon`. This will be left to you as an exercise.

# --instructions--

Modify the `myApp.js` file to log "Hello World" to the console.

# --hints--

`"Hello World"` should be in the console

```js
(getUserInput) =>
  $.get(getUserInput('url') + '/_api/hello-console').then(
    (data) => {
      assert.isTrue(data.passed, '"Hello World" is not in the server console');
    },
    (xhr) => {
      throw new Error(xhr.responseText);
    }
  );
```
