---
id: 6723cf27c6e9a0c3f3041385
title: Revisão de Áudio e Vídeo em JavaScript
challengeType: 31
dashedName: review-javascript-audio-and-video
---

# --interactive--

## Construtor `Audio` e Métodos Comuns

- **Definição**: O construtor `Audio`, como outros construtores, é uma função especial chamada com a palavra-chave `new`. Ele retorna um `HTMLAudioElement`, que você pode usar para reproduzir áudio para o usuário ou anexar ao DOM para que o usuário controle por conta própria. Quando você chama o construtor, pode opcionalmente passar uma URL como o (único) argumento. Essa URL deve apontar para a fonte do arquivo de áudio que você deseja reproduzir. Ou, se precisar alterar a fonte dinamicamente, você pode atribuir a URL à propriedade `src` do elemento de áudio retornado.
- **Método `play()`**: Este método é usado com os elementos `audio` ou `video` para iniciar a reprodução da mídia.

:::interactive_editor

```html
<audio id="audio" controls>
  <source src="https://www.w3schools.com/html/horse.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

<button id="playBtn">Play Audio</button>

<script>
  const audio = document.getElementById("audio");
  const playBtn = document.getElementById("playBtn");

  playBtn.addEventListener("click", () => {
    audio.play();
  });
</script>

:::

- **`pause()` Method**: This method is used with the `audio` or `video` elements to pause playback for the media. It maintains the current position, so if `play()` is called, it starts from that position.

:::interactive_editor

```html
<audio id="myAudio" controls>
  <source src="https://www.w3schools.com/html/horse.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

<br>

<button id="pauseBtn">Pause Audio</button>

<script>
  document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", () => {
    const audio = document.getElementById("myAudio");
    const pauseBtn = document.getElementById("pauseBtn");

    pauseBtn.addEventListener("click", () => {
      audio.pause();
    });
  });
</script>

:::

- **`addTextTrack()` Method**: This method allows you to specify a text track to associate with the media element - which is especially helpful for adding subtitles to a video.
- **`fastSeek()` Method**: This method allows you to move the playback position to a specific time within the media.

The `Audio()` constructor has properties just as it has methods. Those properties include:

- `currentTime`: for getting the current playback time of an audio
- `loop`: for making the audio play continuously by automatically restarting when it reaches the end
- `muted`: for silencing the audio output of a media element regardless of volume setting

## Different Audio and Video Formats

- **MIME type**: A MIME type, standing for Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions, is a standardized way to programmatically indicate a file type. The MIME type can tell an application, such as your browser, how to handle a specific file. In the case of audio and video, the MIME type indicates it is a multimedia format that can be embedded in the web page.
- **`source` Element**: This is used to specify a file type and source - and can include multiple different types by using multiple source elements. When you do this, the browser will determine the best format to use for the user's current environment.
- **MP3**: This is a type of digital file format used to store music, audio, or sound. It's a compressed version of a sound recording that makes the file size smaller, so it's easier to store and share. MP3 has the widest browser support and the MIME type of `audio/mp3`.
- **MP4**: An MP4 is a type of digital file format used to store video and audio. It serves as a container that holds both the video (images) and the sound (music or speech) in one file. An MP4, can have the MIME type `audio/mp4` OR `video/mp4`, depending on whether it's a video file or audio-only.
- Other formats are `WMV` which is associated with the Windows Media Player app, `OGG`, `MKV`, `AVI`, and more.

## codecs

- **Definition**: A codec, short for "encoder/decoder", is an algorithm or software that can convert audio and video between analogue and digital formats. Codecs can be specified as part of the MIME type. The basic syntax to define a codec is to add a semi-colon after the media type, then `codecs=` and the codec.

## HTMLMediaElement API

- **Definition**: The `HTMLMediaElement` API is used to control the behavior of audio and video elements on your page. It extends the base `HTMLElement` interface, so you have access to the base properties, methods as well as these helpful events like `waiting`, `ended`, `canplay`, `canplaythrough`, and more. Examples of the methods include `play()`, `fastSeek()`, `pause()`, and `canPlayType()` for checking if a browser is likely to be able to play an audio file.

## Media Capture and Streams API

- **Definition**: The Media Capture and Streams API, or the MediaStream API, is used to capture audio and video from your device. In order to use the API, you need to create the `MediaStream` object. You could do this with the constructor, but it would not be tied to the user's hardware. Instead, the `mediaDevices` property of the `global` navigator object has a `getUserMedia()` method for you to use.

```js
window.navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia({
  audio: true,
  video: {
    width: {
      min: 1280,
      ideal: 1920,
      max: 3840
    },
    height: {
      min: 720,
      ideal: 1080,
      max: 2160
    }
  }
});
```

## API de Captura de Tela

- **Definição**: A Screen Capture API é usada para gravar a tela do usuário. Esta API é acessada chamando o método `getDisplayMedia()` do objeto `mediaDevices` e consumindo o fluxo de mídia retornado.

## API de Gravação MediaStream

- **Definição**: A MediaStream Recording API funciona em conjunto com as MediaStreams APIs, permitindo que você grave um MediaStream (ou até mesmo um `HTMLMediaElement` diretamente).

## API de Media Source Extensions

- **tópico**: A API Media Source Extensions é o que permite que você passe diretamente o feed da webcam de um usuário para um elemento de vídeo com a propriedade `srcObject`.

## Web Audio API

- **Definição**: A Web Audio API que alimenta tudo que é audível na web. Esta API inclui objetos importantes como um `AudioBuffer` (que representa um Buffer contendo especificamente dados de áudio) e o `AudioContext`, usado para representar um grafo de processamento de áudio.

# --assignment--

Revise os tópicos e conceitos de Áudio e Vídeo em JavaScript.
