---
id: 68484a406e0f726ad5d1d330
title: Tarefa 99
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-99
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Leia o texto e responda à pergunta abaixo.

# --questions--

## --text--

Após a reunião com David, Alice compartilhou a divisão do orçamento com o restante da equipe:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front End & Design: 27% is for front end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Qual fase usa a maior parte do orçamento total?

## --answers--

`Development`

---

`Front End and Design`

### --feedback--

Esta fase recebe 27%.

---

`Testing`

### --feedback--

O teste é apenas 13%.

---

`Contingency`

### --feedback--

A contingência é de apenas 15%.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Preste atenção às porcentagens indicadas na divisão.

De acordo com ele, a fase de `Development` recebe 45% do orçamento total, tornando-se a maior alocação entre todas as fases do projeto.
