---
id: 68484c2ac2fb7f6cac906439
title: Attività 101
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-101
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Leggi il testo e rispondi alla domanda qui sotto.

# --questions--

## --text--

After meeting with David, Alice shared the budget breakdown with the rest of the team:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front-End & Design: 27% is for front-end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Cosa farà il team se sarà necessario modificare la spesa?

## --answers--

Stop development to save money.

### --feedback--

Alice non dice che fermeranno lo sviluppo.

---

Request more funding from clients.

### --feedback--

Non si fa menzione di chiedere più fondi.

---

Monitor the budget and make adjustments if needed.

---

Cut the `Testing` phase.

### --feedback--

`Testing` rimane stanziato al 13%. Non è previsto di rimuoverlo o ridurlo.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Concentrati sulla frase che inizia con `We'll keep...`.

Alice dice che il team monitorerà la spesa e farà modifiche se necessario. Questo dimostra che il team rimane flessibile e responsivo alle esigenze del budget.
