---
id: 68484b5100af0b6bdd343021
title: Attività 100
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-100
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Leggi il testo e rispondi alla domanda qui sotto.

# --questions--

## --text--

After meeting with David, Alice shared the budget breakdown with the rest of the team:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front-End & Design: 27% is for front-end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Quanto del budget totale è stato speso finora?

## --answers--

13%

### --feedback--

Il 13% è allocato per `Testing`, non rappresenta la spesa totale finora.

---

Metà

### --feedback--

Il team ha speso meno della metà.

---

Circa il 40%

---

75%

### --feedback--

La spesa non è ancora così alta.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Concentrati sulla frase che inizia con `So far, we've spent...`.

Alice indica quanto del budget totale è già stato speso, principalmente per l’allestimento e il lavoro di sviluppo iniziale.
