---
id: 68484a406e0f726ad5d1d330
title: Attività 99
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-99
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Leggi il testo e rispondi alla domanda qui sotto.

# --questions--

## --text--

Dopo l'incontro con David, Alice ha condiviso la suddivisione del budget con il resto del team:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front-End & Design: 27% is for front-end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Quale fase utilizza la maggior parte del budget totale?

## --answers--

`Development`

---

`Front-End and Design`

### --feedback--

Questa fase riceve il 27%.

---

`Testing`

### --feedback--

Il testing è solo il 13%.

---

`Contingency`

### --feedback--

La contingenza è solo il 15%.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Fai attenzione alle percentuali indicate nella suddivisione.

Secondo essa, la fase `Development` riceve il 45% del budget totale, risultando la quota più grande tra tutte le fasi del progetto.
