---
id: 68484a406e0f726ad5d1d330
title: Tarea 99
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-99
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Lee el texto y responde la pregunta a continuación.

# --questions--

## --text--

Después de reunirse con David, Alice compartió el desglose del presupuesto con el resto del equipo:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Frontend & Design: 27% is for frontend and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

¿Qué fase usa la mayor parte del presupuesto total?

## --answers--

`Development`

---

`Frontend and Design`

### --feedback--

Esta fase obtiene 27%.

---

`Testing`

### --feedback--

Las pruebas son solo el 13%.

---

`Contingency`

### --feedback--

La contingencia es solo del 15%.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Presta atención a los porcentajes indicados en el desglose.

Según esto, la fase de `Development` recibe el 45% del presupuesto total, siendo la mayor asignación entre todas las fases del proyecto.
