---
id: 65e8697e64f1883a30a759e5
title: Zoezi la 23
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-23
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Huu ni ukaguzi wa mazungumzo yote uliyosoma sasa hivi.

# --instructions--

Andika maneno au misemo ifuatayo mahali sahihi:

`README file`, `run the code`, `conventions`, `assigned to`, `setup instructions`, na `dependencies`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Sophie: Hey, Brian, I've been BLANK work on this project, and I'm not sure where to start. Could you help me understand how we should document the code?`

`Brian: Of course. The first thing you should do is create a clear BLANK that's in the project's root directory. This file should contain information about the project, its purpose, and how to set it up.`

`Sophie: Got it. What else should I include in my README?`

`Brian: You should list the project BLANK so that anyone who wants to work on it knows what they need. Then specify how to BLANK and any other essential BLANK. Also, mention coding BLANK we follow in this project.`

`Sophie: Thanks, I'll make sure to follow your instructions.`

## --blanks--

`assigned to`

### --feedback--

Kupata zoezi au jukumu la kufanya.

---

`README file`

### --feedback--

Faili inayotoa taarifa muhimu kuhusu mradi, kama jinsi ya kuutumia.

---

`dependencies`

### --feedback--

Programu nyingine au zana ambazo mradi wako unahitaji ili ufanye kazi.

---

`run the code`

### --feedback--

Kuanza programu na kuona inafanya nini.

---

`setup instructions`

### --feedback--

Hatua unazofuata kuandaa programu au mradi ili ufanye kazi.

---

`conventions`

### --feedback--

Sheria au njia za kawaida za kufanya mambo katika uandishi wa programu au mradi.
