---
id: 65e93be2cbc1da18d7602a31
title: Zoezi la 35
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-35
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Hii ni ukaguzi wa mazungumzo yote uliyosoma sasa hivi.

# --instructions--

Andika maneno au misemo ifuatayo mahali sahihi:

`comments`, `clarify`, `comment on`, `describe`, `double slashes`, na `parts of`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Sophie: I'm working on this code and I think it's a good idea to add BLANK. How should I write comments in the code?`

`Brian: Great idea. To write comments, you simply need to use BLANK to start a comment. Then, you can BLANK what the code does so that other people can understand it, too.`

`Sophie: And what should I BLANK? Are there any specific things I should focus on?`

`Brian: You should comment on any complex or tricky BLANK your code. You can also explain what certain functions do and BLANK the purpose of variables. Try to ensure that your comments are clear and concise.`

`Sophie: I appreciate your help. I'll start adding comments to the code.`

## --blanks--

`comments`

### --feedback--

Maoni katika msimbo yanayoelezea kile msimbo unachofanya. Kompyuta haisomi maoni hayo.

---

`double slashes`

### --feedback--

Kuanza kuandika maoni katika lugha nyingi za programu hutumia `//`.

---

`describe`

### --feedback--

Kuelezea kile kitu ni nini au kinachofanya.

---

`comment on`

### --feedback--

Kuandika maoni au kutoa maoni yako kuhusu kitu fulani.

---

`parts of`

### --feedback--

Sehemu tofauti au vipande vya kitu fulani.

---

`clarify`

### --feedback--

Kufanya kitu kiwe rahisi kueleweka.
