---
id: 685e4c36bc03dc064d265e2e
title: Tarefa 40
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-40
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta é uma revisão de todo o diálogo que você acabou de estudar.

# --instructions--

Escreva as seguintes palavras ou frases no local correto:

`with time`, `since my childhood`, `what kind of`, `a great way to`, `get into` e `one of these days`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Jake: Hey, is that bicycle outside the office yours? Do you enjoy cycling?`

`Linda: I do. I've liked riding my bike BLANK. It's not just a hobby. It's a way of life for me.`

`Jake: That's great. How long have you been into cycling?`

`Linda: I've been a cyclist for more than 15 years. It's a love that hasn't disappeared BLANK.`

`Jake: Wow! And BLANK cycling do you enjoy the most?`

`Linda: I love road cycling and the feeling of the open road. It's BLANK stay fit and explore new places.`

`Jake: That's fantastic. I want to BLANK cycling, too. I haven't been on a bike since I was a kid. I probably even forgot how to do it.`

`Linda: People say we never forget. Say, do you still have a bike? Would you like to go cycling with me BLANK?`

`Jake: Sure! I'd love to. Let's see what we can do next week.`

`Linda: Okay, it's a bike date then.`

## --blanks--

`since my childhood`

### --feedback--

Desde a época em que você era criança até agora.

---

`with time`

### --feedback--

Conforme o tempo passa ou depois de algum tempo.

---

`what kind of`

### --feedback--

Usado para perguntar sobre o tipo ou categoria de algo.

---

`a great way to`

### --feedback--

Um método ou ideia muito boa para fazer algo.

---

`get into`

### --feedback--

Começar a se interessar por algo ou começar a fazer isso.

---

`one of these days`

### --feedback--

Algum dia no futuro, mas não sei quando.
