---
id: 657da1d38bf3e693eb579be9
title: Tarea 25
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-25
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta es una revisión de todo el diálogo que acabas de estudiar.

# --instructions--

Escribe las siguientes palabras o frases en el lugar correcto:

`newbie`, `decade`, `I've been into`, `basics`, `passionate about`, y `as a hobby`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Maria: Hey, I noticed that you have a camera on your desk. Are you BLANK photography?`

`Bob: Absolutely. BLANK photography for many years. Capturing moments and scenes is like magic to me.`

`Maria: That's awesome. How long have you been into photography?`

`Bob: For nearly a BLANK now. It started BLANK, but it's become a significant part of my life.`

`Maria: Wow, that's quite a while! What kind of photography do you enjoy the most?`

`Bob: I like landscapes and nature. It's incredible to capture the beauty of our world in pictures.`

`Maria: That sounds amazing. I like photos a lot. Any tips for a BLANK?`

`Bob: Absolutely! I've taken things way too seriously in the past. So I always recommend starting with the BLANK, learning about your camera, and trying to have fun.`

`Maria: Cool. Thanks for the tips.`

`Bob: No problem.`

## --blanks--

`passionate about`

### --feedback--

Tener sentimientos fuertes o amor por algo que disfrutas hacer.

---

`I've been into`

### --feedback--

Realmente te ha gustado o interesado algo.

---

`decade`

### --feedback--

Un período de 10 años.

---

`as a hobby`

### --feedback--

Algo que haces por diversión en tu tiempo libre.

---

`newbie`

### --feedback--

Una persona que es nueva en algo y todavía está aprendiendo.

---

`basics`

### --feedback--

Las partes simples y más importantes de algo.
