---
id: 657e3dfda31b534042d06e39
title: Aufgabe 55
challengeType: 19
dashedName: aufgabe-55
---

# --description--

`Must` und `have to` drücken Verpflichtungen aus. `Must` is often used for strong personal or internal obligations, while `have to` is more for external requirements or rules. For example:

- `I must finish this report because it's important to me.` - Here, the obligation comes from the speaker's own feeling or decision. The person chooses to make it important.

- `I have to finish this report by 5 PM because my boss said so.` - Here, the obligation comes from an external rule or authority. The boss sets the deadline, so it is not the speaker's personal choice.

This difference helps show whether the obligation is internal (from yourself) or external (from outside, like rules or instructions).

# --questions--

## --text--

Welcher Satz verwendet korrekt `must` or `have to`?

## --answers--

`I must monitor the entrances because it's a company rule.`

### --feedback--

Unternehmensregeln schlagen eine externe Verpflichtung vor, entspricht mehr dem `have to`.

---

`I have to make sure the security cameras work because I believe it's crucial.`

### --feedback--

Ein persönliche Überzeugung über die Wichtigkeit passt sich mehr an `must` an.

---

`I must avoid sharing my password with other people as part of the company's security policy.`

### --feedback--

This is a requirement from the company, and aligns more with `have to`.

---

`I have to check the security cameras as part of my job duties.`

## --video-solution--

4
