---
id: 67c613b1162f59558858c0ab
title: Attività 52
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-52
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Leggi il testo e rispondi alla domanda qui sotto.

# --questions--

## --text--

After talking to Bob, Maria sends the team an email with the updates and asks them to have their meeting on the following day two hours earlier, so they could talk about the client's request.

`Subject: Updated Meeting Time – Project Timeline Discussion`

`Hi everyone,`

`I wanted to update you on crucial points in a discussion I had with Bob about our project timeline. The client has requested if we can finish it one week in advance, and we've been thinking of ways to speed things up while trying to prevent burnout.`

`To ensure we're all aligned, I'd like to adjust our meeting time to tomorrow morning at 8, two hours earlier than our previously scheduled time. We'll discuss the revised schedule I'll come up with today, task prioritization, ways to avoid putting in additional hours, and any support you might need to make things run more smoothly.`

`We understand that rearranging tasks doesn't always solve the problem, and we want to be careful not to overwork the team. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the best way to approach this challenge.`

`Please confirm if the new time works for you. Thanks for your flexibility and commitment.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Secondo l'email, durante la riunione Bob e Maria hanno pensato a come fare una cosa e prevenire un'altra allo stesso tempo. Quali sono?

## --answers--

Speed things up and prevent burnout.  

---

Extend the deadline and reduce costs.  

### --feedback--

L'email dice che il client ha richiesto una scadenza anticipata.

---

Hire more people and improve communication.

### --feedback--

L'email non menziona l'assunzione di più persone né il focus sulla comunicazione.

---

Cancel some tasks and reduce working hours.

### --feedback--

Maria non parla di cancellare attività. Non parla nemmeno di ridurre le ore di lavoro.

## --video-solution--

1  

# --explanation--

Per trovare la risposta, guarda il **primo paragrafo** dell'email dopo il saluto. Dopo aver parlato della richiesta del client, menziona a cosa hanno pensato. Troverai lì la risposta a questa domanda.
