---
id: 657a45a85a8f6cfeef7803db
title: Tarea 100
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-100
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta es una revisión de todo el diálogo que acabas de estudiar.  

# --instructions--

Escribe las siguientes palabras o frases en el lugar correcto:  

`stay at`, `work at`, `take a break`, `some`, `out of the`, y `don't mind`.  

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--  

`Sophie: Hey, Brian. TGIF, right? Do you have any plans for the weekend?`  

`Brian: Nothing BLANK ordinary, Sophie. On Saturday, I wake up early at 7. I run in the park near my place in the morning. In the afternoon, I visit my parents and I have lunch with them.`  

`Sophie: Nice. On Saturday, I usually sleep until 9:30. In the morning, I do BLANK house cleaning. In the afternoon, I watch a movie at home or I go out with friends to do some window shopping at the mall.`  

`Brian: And on Sunday?`  

`Sophie: On Sunday, I have a lazy morning. I just BLANK home and play some video games on my console. In the evening, I make dinner and go to sleep early because on Monday it's back to work again.`  

`Brian: I have a relaxing Sunday, too. In the morning and in the evening, I work on a personal coding project. In the afternoon, I BLANK and go for a quick walk in the park.`  

`Sophie: That's a good mix of indoor and outdoor activities. I don't BLANK the computer on weekends like you, though. I save that for the weekdays, I suppose.`  

`Brian: I know, right? But it is a personal project and I like it a lot, so I BLANK spending some of my time on it.`  

## --blanks--  

`out of the`  

### --feedback--  

Esto indica algo inusual. Comienza con una preposición seguida de otra y luego un artículo definido.  

---

`some`  

### --feedback--  

Este es un determinante usado para referirse a una cantidad no especificada.

---

`stay at`  

### --feedback--  

Esto describe permanecer en un lugar. Comienza con un verbo seguido de una preposición.  

---

`take a break`  

### --feedback--  

Esto significa "pausar una actividad para descansar". Comienza con un verbo seguido de un artículo indefinido y luego un sustantivo.  

---

`work at`  

### --feedback--  

Esto describe poner esfuerzo en una actividad. Comienza con un verbo seguido de una preposición.  

---

`don't mind`  

### --feedback--  

Esto indica que algo no es un problema. Comienza con un verbo auxiliar en negativo seguido del verbo principal.
