---
id: 685e5b186e34570dd3d2ff19
title: Zoezi la 58
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-58
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Hii ni ukaguzi wa mazungumzo yote uliyosoma sasa hivi.

# --instructions--

Andika maneno au misemo ifuatayo mahali sahihi:

`from HR`, `runs smoothly`, `committed`, `willing to help`, `interviews`, na `easygoing`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: Hey, have you ever worked with Anna BLANK?`

`Alice: I've seen her a couple of times. Why do you ask?`

`Tom: Well, I noticed that she's always in her office super early and leaves pretty late. Do you know why?`

`Alice: Yeah, she's very BLANK. She seems to take her work very seriously.`

`Tom: I don't really know much about her, to be honest. What's her role?`

`Alice: Anna is the head of HR, and she has to make sure our company BLANK when it comes to HR. She doesn't have to interview for hiring people, though. The rest of the HR team does the BLANK. She's been with us for about eight years now.`

`Tom: Wow, that's a long time! Is she a strict person?`

`Alice: She's very BLANK, actually. She's serious when it comes to work but also has a good sense of humor. She's fair and supportive, always BLANK and answer questions.`

`Tom: She sounds like a great person. I should have a chat with her sometime.`

## --blanks--

`from HR`

### --feedback--

Mtu anayekuja kutoka timu ya `Human Resources`.

---

`committed`

### --feedback--

Mtiifu na makini kufanya jambo vizuri.

---

`runs smoothly`

### --feedback--

Hutokea bila matatizo au kuchelewa.

---

`interviews`

### --feedback--

Mikutano ambapo mtu huulizwa maswali, kawaida kwa ajili ya kazi.

---

`easygoing`

### --feedback--

Mtulivu na asiyekuwa na hasira kwa urahisi.

---

`willing to help`

### --feedback--

Furaha kutoa msaada au kufanya jambo kwa mtu mwingine.
