---
id: 6752f6ebff95ee1781462c02
title: Zoezi la 31
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-31
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Soma maandishi na ujibu swali lililopo hapa chini.

# --questions--

## --text--

Baada ya kujadiliana na Brian, Jessica aliandika taarifa hii ya ratiba ya matengenezo:

`We will conduct scheduled maintenance to improve our systems and ensure everything runs smoothly. During the maintenance window, starting at 2:00 AM on Friday night, our team will be monitoring the system and testing the server load to prevent any unexpected issues. The maintenance is expected to last about 2 hours.`

`Our developers will double-check the security features to make sure the system is protected against potential DoS attacks. At the same time, we will run stress tests to evaluate performance and stability under heavy traffic.`

`We are publishing this notification to inform you in advance, as the website may experience downtime during this period. Thank you for your understanding as we continue preparing updates and improvements to provide you with a better experience.`

`Thank you,`
`Support Team`

Nini msanidi programu atakuwa akifanya wakati wa matengenezo?

## --answers--

Running stress tests and double-checking security features.

---

Adding new functionalities to the website.

### --feedback--

Maandishi hayataji kuongeza vipengele vipya.

---

Monitoring user activity on the website.

### --feedback--

Maandishi hayaangalii makini shughuli za watumizi mtandaoni.

---

Fixing issues reported by customers.

### --feedback--

Kurekebisha matatizo ya wateja hakutajwi kama sehemu ya matengenezo.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Ili kupata jibu sahihi, zingatia sehemu ambapo taarifa inaeleza kazi ambazo msanidi programu atakuwa akizifanya wakati wa matengenezo.

Inataja hatua maalum kama kufanya vipimo vya msongo na kukagua vipengele vya usalama mara mbili.

Chagua chaguo linalojumuisha shughuli hizi.
