---
id: 685d7a22363c58163423c6c2
title: Tarefa 34
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-34
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta é uma revisão de todo o diálogo que você acabou de estudar.

# --instructions--

Escreva as seguintes palavras ou frases no local correto:

`practical experience`, `roles`, `achievements`, `worked at`, `collaborative effort` e `computer science`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Anna: Hello. Thanks for coming in today. Could you tell me about your previous BLANK and responsibilities?`

`Second Candidate: Hello! Certainly. I BLANK Mock Corporation for five years. I was part of a team of software engineers, and we were responsible for developing and maintaining various applications. Our primary focus was creating user-friendly software.`

`Anna: That's great to hear. Were the members of the team involved in any specific BLANK or projects?`

`Second Candidate: Yes. Our team was involved in a project to redesign the company's website. We were responsible for implementing new features and ensuring that the website had fast performance. It was a BLANK and we were able to deliver the project on time.`

`Anna: Excellent. Can you share details about your educational background? Were you trained in a specific field?`

`Second Candidate: Yes. I have a master's degree in BLANK. My studies were intensive, and I was introduced to many different methodologies.`

`Anna: Impressive. We appreciate candidates with strong educational backgrounds and BLANK. Thanks a lot for coming to the interview.`

## --blanks--

`roles`

### --feedback--

Os trabalhos ou responsabilidades que alguém tem em uma equipe ou empresa.

---

`worked at`

### --feedback--

Teve um emprego em uma empresa ou organização no passado.

---

`achievements`

### --feedback--

Coisas que você fez com sucesso, especialmente após muito esforço.

---

`collaborative effort`

### --feedback--

Trabalho realizado em conjunto por um grupo de pessoas para alcançar um objetivo.

---

`computer science`

### --feedback--

O estudo de como os computadores funcionam e como escrever programas.

---

`practical experience`

### --feedback--

Prática no mundo real fazendo algo, não apenas aprendendo com livros.
