---
id: 685699e764bba10bcf0cd5f4
title: Tarea 69
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-69
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta es una revisi칩n de todo el di치logo que acabas de estudiar.

# --instructions--

Escribe las siguientes palabras o frases en el lugar correcto:

`Dealing with`, `demotivated`, `frustrating`, `support`, `for no reason`, `instead of`, y `annoys`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Alice: Hi Tom, you look a bit down these days. Is everything okay?`

`Tom: Hey Alice, yeah, I feel a bit BLANK. One thing that really gets to me is working long hours without any breaks. It's exhausting, and it feels like I'm constantly running without knowing where I'm going.`

`Alice: I totally get that, Tom. Working overtime all the time can be draining. Personally, I hate dealing with office politics. It's frustrating when people are constantly trying to beat each other BLANK working together as a team.`

`Tom: You're right, Alice. BLANK office politics is never fun. Another thing that gets to me is having too many meetings. Sometimes, it feels like we're meeting BLANK, and it's hard to find time to actually work on projects.`

`Alice: I hear you, Tom. Sitting in meetings for hours can be discouraging. For me, what really BLANK me is having to do a bunch of repetitive tasks without any variation. It feels like I'm wasting my skills and creativity.`

`Tom: That does sound BLANK, Alice. Repeating the same tasks over and over can be demotivating. Thanks for listening, by the way. It feels good to talk about these things.`

`Alice: Of course, Tom. We all have our moments of demotivation, and it's good to share and BLANK each other.`

## --blanks--

`demotivated`

### --feedback--

Esto significa sentir que ya no quieres hacer algo.

---

`instead of`

### --feedback--

Esta frase significa elegir una cosa y no la otra.

---

`Dealing with`

### --feedback--

Esto significa hacer algo para arreglar o manejar una situaci칩n.

---

`for no reason`

### --feedback--

Esto significa que algo sucede sin una causa clara o conocida.

---

`annoys`

### --feedback--

Este verbo significa hacer que alguien se enoje o se moleste un poco.

---

`frustrating`

### --feedback--

Esto describe algo que te hace sentir molesto porque no va como quieres.

---

`support`

### --feedback--

Como verbo, significa ayudar o mostrar que est치s de acuerdo con alguien o algo.
