---
id: 67e46c53c43ce77a64dcb082
title: Zoezi la 39
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-39
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Soma maandishi na ujibu swali lililopo hapa chini.

# --questions--

## --text--

Baada ya kuzungumza na James, Alice aliandika barua pepe kwa mteja. Hapa ni maudhui yake:

`Subject: Request for Updated Project Requirements and New Timeline`

`Dear David,`

`I hope you're doing well.`

`I wanted to reach out to confirm the new project requirements following our recent discussions. We've made some adjustments to the timeline due to recent changes and need to ensure we're aligned on the updated requirements before proceeding.`

`We're proposing a new deadline for the first phase of the project at the end of next month. Please let us know if this works for you or if there are any additional adjustments we should consider.`

`Additionally, James has sent me the updated project plan, which I've attached to this email for your review. Please take a look and let us know if everything looks good on your end.`

`Looking forward to your confirmation and any further input you may have.`

`Best regards,`  

`Alice`

Ni lini Alice anapendekeza tarehe ya mwisho kwa awamu ya kwanza?

## --answers--

Mwisho wa mwezi huu.

### --feedback--

Alice hapendekezi tarehe ya mwisho kwa mwisho wa *mwezi huu*.

---

Baada ya wiki mbili.

### --feedback--

Tarehe ya mwisho iliyopendekezwa haijawekwa kwa wiki mbili kuanzia sasa.

---

Wiki ijayo.

### --feedback--

Tarehe ya mwisho haijawekwa kwa wiki ijayo.

---

Mwisho wa mwezi ujao.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Tafuta mstari unaotaja `the first phase` wa mradi. Hapo ndipo tarehe ya mwisho iliyopendekezwa inatajwa. Soma na utaweza kujibu swali hili kwa usahihi.
