---
id: 685699e764bba10bcf0cd5f4
title: AttivitĂ  69
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-69
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Questa Ă¨ una revisione dell'intero dialogo che hai appena studiato.

# --instructions--

Scrivi le seguenti parole o frasi nel posto corretto:

`Dealing with`, `demotivated`, `frustrating`, `support`, `for no reason`, `instead of` e `annoys`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Alice: Hi Tom, you look a bit down these days. Is everything okay?`

`Tom: Hey Alice, yeah, I feel a bit BLANK. One thing that really gets to me is working long hours without any breaks. It's exhausting, and it feels like I'm constantly running without knowing where I'm going.`

`Alice: I totally get that, Tom. Working overtime all the time can be draining. Personally, I hate dealing with office politics. It's frustrating when people are constantly trying to beat each other BLANK working together as a team.`

`Tom: You're right, Alice. BLANK office politics is never fun. Another thing that gets to me is having too many meetings. Sometimes, it feels like we're meeting BLANK, and it's hard to find time to actually work on projects.`

`Alice: I hear you, Tom. Sitting in meetings for hours can be discouraging. For me, what really BLANK me is having to do a bunch of repetitive tasks without any variation. It feels like I'm wasting my skills and creativity.`

`Tom: That does sound BLANK, Alice. Repeating the same tasks over and over can be demotivating. Thanks for listening, by the way. It feels good to talk about these things.`

`Alice: Of course, Tom. We all have our moments of demotivation, and it's good to share and BLANK each other.`

## --blanks--

`demotivated`

### --feedback--

Significa sentirsi come se non si volesse piĂ¹ fare qualcosa.

---

`instead of`

### --feedback--

Questa frase significa scegliere una cosa e non l'altra.

---

`Dealing with`

### --feedback--

Significa fare qualcosa per risolvere o gestire una situazione.

---

`for no reason`

### --feedback--

Significa che qualcosa succede senza una causa chiara o nota.

---

`annoys`

### --feedback--

Questo verbo significa far arrabbiare o infastidire un po' qualcuno.

---

`frustrating`

### --feedback--

Descrive qualcosa che ti fa sentire turbato perchĂ© non va come vuoi.

---

`support`

### --feedback--

Come verbo, significa aiutare o mostrare che sei d'accordo con qualcuno o qualcosa.
