---
id: 65fff57ce568cf1ed9702fbf
title: Tarea 15
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-15
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta es una revisión de todo el diálogo que acabas de estudiar.

# --instructions--

Escribe las siguientes palabras o frases en el lugar correcto:

`check for`, `navigate`, `relevant to`, `index`, `overview` y `introductory`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: I'm trying to understand the code documentation, but it's quite overwhelming. What should I do to BLANK it more effectively?`

`Sarah: Don't worry. When you're faced with extensive documentation, the first thing you should do is BLANK a table of contents or an BLANK. It can help you find the specific information you're looking for.`

`Tom: Okay, that makes sense. And what should I do next?`

`Sarah: Once you've found the section you need, you should start by reading the BLANK paragraphs to get an BLANK of what the documentation covers. Then you can skim through and focus on the parts BLANK your current task.`

`Tom: Thanks, I'll go over the documentation as you said.`

## --blanks--

`navigate`

### --feedback--

Para desplazarte por algo, como un sitio web o un documento.

---

`check for`

### --feedback--

Mirar para ver si algo está ahí o es correcto.

---

`index`

### --feedback--

Una lista que muestra dónde encontrar cosas en un libro o documento.

---

`introductory`

### --feedback--

La parte inicial que ofrece una explicación básica.

---

`overview`

### --feedback--

Un resumen breve que da la idea principal de algo.

---

`relevant to`

### --feedback--

Conectado o importante para el tema.
