---
id: 68569b11df2be30cffc397a1
title: Tarefa 93
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-93
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta é uma revisão de todo o diálogo que você acabou de estudar.

# --instructions--

Escreva as seguintes palavras ou frases no local correto:

`thrilling`, `opportunity to`, `interested in`, `exciting`, `motivation` e `with confidence`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Brian: Hey Lisa, what motivated you to choose a career in tech?`

`Lisa: One of my main motivations was the financial stability that tech jobs can provide. It allows me to plan for my future BLANK. In other fields, it's much more difficult to achieve this stability.`

`Brian: Financial stability is certainly important, Lisa. For me, it was the BLANK collaborate with experts from many fields and have different perspectives.`

`Lisa: Collaborating with diverse teams can be BLANK, Brian. Another thing was the chance to be part of projects that push the limits of innovation and creativity.`

`Brian: I'm with you on that one. I'm also BLANK the flexibility that tech roles offer. They allow us to balance our jobs with personal interests and hobbies.`

`Lisa: Yeah. Also, the satisfaction of solving complex problems and finding practical solutions is really BLANK.`

`Brian: Knowing that we solved problems is really exciting, Lisa. I hope we keep getting as much BLANK from it as we can.`

## --blanks--

`with confidence`

### --feedback--

Isso significa fazer algo sem medo ou dúvida.

---

`opportunity to`

### --feedback--

Isso significa ter a chance de fazer algo.

---

`exciting`

### --feedback--

Isto descreve algo que faz você se sentir feliz e cheio de energia.

---

`interested in`

### --feedback--

Isso significa que você quer saber mais sobre algo ou gostar disso.

---

`thrilling`

### --feedback--

Isso significa muito emocionante ou cheio de sentimentos fortes.

---

`motivation`

### --feedback--

Esta é a razão pela qual alguém quer fazer algo ou trabalhar duro.
