---
id: 685699e764bba10bcf0cd5f4
title: Tarefa 69
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-69
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta é uma revisão de todo o diálogo que você acabou de estudar.

# --instructions--

Escreva as seguintes palavras ou frases no local correto:

`Dealing with`, `demotivated`, `frustrating`, `support`, `for no reason`, `instead of` e `annoys`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Alice: Hi Tom, you look a bit down these days. Is everything okay?`

`Tom: Hey Alice, yeah, I feel a bit BLANK. One thing that really gets to me is working long hours without any breaks. It's exhausting, and it feels like I'm constantly running without knowing where I'm going.`

`Alice: I totally get that, Tom. Working overtime all the time can be draining. Personally, I hate dealing with office politics. It's frustrating when people are constantly trying to beat each other BLANK working together as a team.`

`Tom: You're right, Alice. BLANK office politics is never fun. Another thing that gets to me is having too many meetings. Sometimes, it feels like we're meeting BLANK, and it's hard to find time to actually work on projects.`

`Alice: I hear you, Tom. Sitting in meetings for hours can be discouraging. For me, what really BLANK me is having to do a bunch of repetitive tasks without any variation. It feels like I'm wasting my skills and creativity.`

`Tom: That does sound BLANK, Alice. Repeating the same tasks over and over can be demotivating. Thanks for listening, by the way. It feels good to talk about these things.`

`Alice: Of course, Tom. We all have our moments of demotivation, and it's good to share and BLANK each other.`

## --blanks--

`demotivated`

### --feedback--

Isso significa sentir que você não quer mais fazer algo.

---

`instead of`

### --feedback--

Esta frase significa escolher uma coisa e não a outra.

---

`Dealing with`

### --feedback--

Isso significa fazer algo para corrigir ou gerenciar uma situação.

---

`for no reason`

### --feedback--

Isso significa que algo acontece sem uma causa clara ou conhecida.

---

`annoys`

### --feedback--

Este verbo significa deixar alguém um pouco irritado ou incomodado.

---

`frustrating`

### --feedback--

Isto descreve algo que faz você se sentir chateado porque não está indo do jeito que você quer.

---

`support`

### --feedback--

Como verbo, significa ajudar ou mostrar que você concorda com alguém ou algo.
