---
id: 685d7a22363c58163423c6c2
title: Tarea 34
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-34
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Esta es una revisión de todo el diálogo que acabas de estudiar.

# --instructions--

Escribe las siguientes palabras o frases en el lugar correcto:

`practical experience`, `roles`, `achievements`, `worked at`, `collaborative effort` y `computer science`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Anna: Hello. Thanks for coming in today. Could you tell me about your previous BLANK and responsibilities?`

`Second Candidate: Hello! Certainly. I BLANK Mock Corporation for five years. I was part of a team of software engineers, and we were responsible for developing and maintaining various applications. Our primary focus was creating user-friendly software.`

`Anna: That's great to hear. Were the members of the team involved in any specific BLANK or projects?`

`Second Candidate: Yes. Our team was involved in a project to redesign the company's website. We were responsible for implementing new features and ensuring that the website had fast performance. It was a BLANK and we were able to deliver the project on time.`

`Anna: Excellent. Can you share details about your educational background? Were you trained in a specific field?`

`Second Candidate: Yes. I have a master's degree in BLANK. My studies were intensive, and I was introduced to many different methodologies.`

`Anna: Impressive. We appreciate candidates with strong educational backgrounds and BLANK. Thanks a lot for coming to the interview.`

## --blanks--

`roles`

### --feedback--

Los trabajos o responsabilidades que alguien tiene en un equipo o empresa.

---

`worked at`

### --feedback--

Tuviste un trabajo en una empresa u organización en el pasado.

---

`achievements`

### --feedback--

Cosas que has hecho con éxito, especialmente después de un trabajo duro.

---

`collaborative effort`

### --feedback--

Trabajo realizado en conjunto por un grupo de personas para alcanzar un objetivo.

---

`computer science`

### --feedback--

El estudio de cómo funcionan las computadoras y cómo escribir programas.

---

`practical experience`

### --feedback--

Práctica real haciendo algo, no solo aprendiendo de libros.
