---
id: 65fff57ce568cf1ed9702fbf
title: Zoezi la 15
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-15
lang: en-US
---

<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Hii ni ukaguzi wa mazungumzo yote uliyosoma sasa hivi.

# --instructions--

Andika maneno au misemo ifuatayo mahali sahihi:

`check for`, `navigate`, `relevant to`, `index`, `overview`, na `introductory`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: I'm trying to understand the code documentation, but it's quite overwhelming. What should I do to BLANK it more effectively?`

`Sarah: Don't worry. When you're faced with extensive documentation, the first thing you should do is BLANK a table of contents or an BLANK. It can help you find the specific information you're looking for.`

`Tom: Okay, that makes sense. And what should I do next?`

`Sarah: Once you've found the section you need, you should start by reading the BLANK paragraphs to get an BLANK of what the documentation covers. Then you can skim through and focus on the parts BLANK your current task.`

`Tom: Thanks, I'll go over the documentation as you said.`

## --blanks--

`navigate`

### --feedback--

Kupitia kitu, kama tovuti au hati.

---

`check for`

### --feedback--

Kutazama kuona kama kitu kipo au ni sahihi.

---

`index`

### --feedback--

Orodha inayoonyesha mahali pa kupata vitu katika kitabu au hati.

---

`introductory`

### --feedback--

Sehemu ya mwanzo inayotoa maelezo ya msingi.

---

`overview`

### --feedback--

Muhtasari mfupi unaotoa wazo kuu la kitu.

---

`relevant to`

### --feedback--

Kuunganishwa na au muhimu kwa mada.
