---
id: 6723cf27c6e9a0c3f3041385
title: JavaScript 音频和视频回顾
challengeType: 31
dashedName: review-javascript-audio-and-video
---

# --interactive--

## `Audio` 构造函数和常用方法

- **定义**：`Audio` 构造函数，像其他构造函数一样，是一个使用 `new` 关键字调用的特殊函数。它返回一个 `HTMLAudioElement`，你可以用它为用户播放音频，或追加到 DOM 中让用户自行控制。当你调用构造函数时，可以可选地传入一个 URL 作为（唯一）参数。该 URL 应指向你想播放的音频文件的源。或者，如果你需要动态更改源，可以将 URL 赋值给返回的音频元素的 `src` 属性。
- **`play()` 方法**：此方法用于 `audio` 或 `video` 元素以开始媒体播放。

:::interactive_editor

```html
<audio id="audio" controls>
  <source src="https://www.w3schools.com/html/horse.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

<button id="playBtn">Play Audio</button>

<script>
  const audio = document.getElementById("audio");
  const playBtn = document.getElementById("playBtn");

  playBtn.addEventListener("click", () => {
    audio.play();
  });
</script>

:::

- **`pause()` Method**: This method is used with the `audio` or `video` elements to pause playback for the media. It maintains the current position, so if `play()` is called, it starts from that position.

:::interactive_editor

```html
<audio id="myAudio" controls>
  <source src="https://www.w3schools.com/html/horse.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
</audio>

<br>

<button id="pauseBtn">Pause Audio</button>

<script>
  document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", () => {
    const audio = document.getElementById("myAudio");
    const pauseBtn = document.getElementById("pauseBtn");

    pauseBtn.addEventListener("click", () => {
      audio.pause();
    });
  });
</script>

:::

- **`addTextTrack()` Method**: This method allows you to specify a text track to associate with the media element - which is especially helpful for adding subtitles to a video.
- **`fastSeek()` Method**: This method allows you to move the playback position to a specific time within the media.

The `Audio()` constructor has properties just as it has methods. Those properties include:

- `currentTime`: for getting the current playback time of an audio
- `loop`: for making the audio play continuously by automatically restarting when it reaches the end
- `muted`: for silencing the audio output of a media element regardless of volume setting

## Different Audio and Video Formats

- **MIME type**: A MIME type, standing for Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions, is a standardized way to programmatically indicate a file type. The MIME type can tell an application, such as your browser, how to handle a specific file. In the case of audio and video, the MIME type indicates it is a multimedia format that can be embedded in the web page.
- **`source` Element**: This is used to specify a file type and source - and can include multiple different types by using multiple source elements. When you do this, the browser will determine the best format to use for the user's current environment.
- **MP3**: This is a type of digital file format used to store music, audio, or sound. It's a compressed version of a sound recording that makes the file size smaller, so it's easier to store and share. MP3 has the widest browser support and the MIME type of `audio/mpeg`.
- **MP4**: An MP4 is a type of digital file format used to store video and audio. It serves as a container that holds both the video (images) and the sound (music or speech) in one file. An MP4, can have the MIME type `audio/mp4` OR `video/mp4`, depending on whether it's a video file or audio-only.
- Other formats are `WMV` which is associated with the Windows Media Player app, `OGG`, `MKV`, `AVI`, and more.

## codecs

- **Definition**: A codec, short for "encoder/decoder", is an algorithm or software that can convert audio and video between analogue and digital formats. Codecs can be specified as part of the MIME type. The basic syntax to define a codec is to add a semi-colon after the media type, then `codecs=` and the codec.

## HTMLMediaElement API

- **Definition**: The `HTMLMediaElement` API is used to control the behavior of audio and video elements on your page. It extends the base `HTMLElement` interface, so you have access to the base properties, methods as well as these helpful events like `waiting`, `ended`, `canplay`, `canplaythrough`, and more. Examples of the methods include `play()`, `fastSeek()`, `pause()`, and `canPlayType()` for checking if a browser is likely to be able to play an audio file.

## Media Capture and Streams API

- **Definition**: The Media Capture and Streams API, or the MediaStream API, is used to capture audio and video from your device. In order to use the API, you need to create the `MediaStream` object. You could do this with the constructor, but it would not be tied to the user's hardware. Instead, the `mediaDevices` property of the `global` navigator object has a `getUserMedia()` method for you to use.

```js
window.navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia({
  audio: true,
  video: {
    width: {
      min: 1280,
      ideal: 1920,
      max: 3840
    },
    height: {
      min: 720,
      ideal: 1080,
      max: 2160
    }
  }
});
```

## 屏幕捕捉 API

- **定义**：屏幕捕捉 API 用于记录用户的屏幕。该 API 通过调用 `mediaDevices` 对象的 `getDisplayMedia()` 方法并使用返回的媒体流来暴露。

## MediaStream 记录 API

- **定义**：MediaStream Recording API 与 MediaStreams API 协同工作，允许你录制一个 MediaStream（甚至直接录制一个 `HTMLMediaElement`）。

## 媒体源扩展名 API

- **主题**：Media Source Extensions API 允许你通过 `srcObject` 属性将用户的摄像头视频直接传递给视频元素。

## Web 音频 API

- **定义**：Web Audio API 是驱动网页上所有可听内容的基础。该 API 包含重要的对象，如表示专门包含音频数据的缓冲区的 `AudioBuffer`，或用于表现音频处理图的 `AudioContext`。

# --assignment--

查看 JavaScript 音频 和 视频 主题和概念。
