---
id: 68484a406e0f726ad5d1d330
title: Zoezi la 99
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-99
lang: en-US
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Soma maandishi na ujibu swali lililopo hapa chini.

# --questions--

## --text--

Baada ya kukutana na David, Alice alishiriki mgawanyo wa bajeti na timu yote:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front-End & Design: 27% is for front-end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Ni awamu gani inayotumia sehemu kubwa zaidi ya bajeti yote?

## --answers--

`Development`

---

`Front-End and Design`

### --feedback--

Awamu hii inapata asilimia 27%.

---

`Testing`

### --feedback--

Upimaji ni asilimia 13 tu.

---

`Contingency`

### --feedback--

Akiba ni asilimia 15 tu.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Lipa kipaumbele kwa asilimia zilizotajwa katika mgawanyo.

Kulingana na mgawanyo huo, awamu ya `Development` inapata asilimia 45 ya bajeti yote, na kufanya iwe mgawanyo mkubwa zaidi kati ya awamu zote za mradi.
